You come
Dad, I will go to seek karma
Cancel the blue sword of the deputy family to the company
I won't help you either
After the success of Blue Sword, the company can be sold at a good price
At that time, you sold the company to you for five cents
Shang Tian, ​​are you really your father’s biological daughter?
If the one given to Deputy Yancheng was for a wish
Now we have long been in pain.
If he has that ability, why would Deputy Yan reject him?
Too much trouble with the high-hidden man
He is really broken. It’s up to you whether Auntie Ning’s decision was made back then.
How could you slap me in the face?
Don't hit it
Is it convenient to go there today?
Convenient and convenient
Mianmian, this is your home
when do you want to come back
I'll be back soon
Also waiting for you
Talking very angrily
Two mixers
Take a photo of it for me